how's that coffee coming dear yeah right
away mr. Kaplan I'm not supposed to
drink coffee it makes me gassy I know
now bet you're thinking what's an
intelligent girl who wants to be in
fashion doing making coffee ah yeah huh
you got me I don't think I haven't
noticed your potential well I've got a
project for you that's a lot more
related to fashion how does that sound
oh that sounds great oh come on over
here smell oh come on
ie these hangers separated ASAP you're
welcome
oh god I hate my job I hate it I hate my
job I hate it oh no honey I'm sorry
Oh I would have quit but then I think I
should stick it out then I think why
would such a person stay it's such a
demeaning job just because it's remotely
related to the pill they're interested
in gee I don't know Rach
order up I got a gentle soup a James
beans and a howdy all the duty I don't
mind paying my dues you know it's just
how much am I gonna learn about fashion
by walking Myra the arthritic seamstress
to the bathroom hi it's my misery of
using to you I'm sorry I was just uh
it's not funny
this is actually my job no I believe me
I've been there I had to sort mannequin
heads at that mannequins plus oh well
then so I'm just gonna go back to
talking to my friend here you can go
back to enjoying your little hamburger
but just up one other thing yeah yes I
am
I work at Bloomingdale's and I might
know of a job possibility if you're if
you're interested
do you want my pickle the most
unbelievable thing happened to me today
foot high so I'm not having lunch at
Monica's and this guy starts talking to
me and it turns out he works for a buyer
at Bloomingdale's and there happens to
be an opening in his department so I
gave my phone number and he's gonna call
me this weekend to see if he can get me
an interview what so this guy's helping
me for no apparent reason
and he's a total stranger yeah his name
is M mark something huh sounds like Marc
something once they have some sex
what oh I'm just saying I mean why else
would he just you know swoop in out of
nowhere for no reason to be nice hey
Joey
are men ever nice to strange women for
no reason
no only for sex thank you
so did you did you tell mark something
about me I didn't have to because I was
wearing my I heart Ross sandwich board
and ringing my bell so he's just a nice
guy
you really think this mark doesn't want
anything in exchange for helping you
well I assume I'll have to take showers
with him but you know that's true of any
job oh how you feeling
well my apartment isn't there anymore
because I drank it
where'd you get to we lost you after you
opened up all the presents yeah yeah I
ended up in the storage room and not
alone
no hooing no Hui why what happened ah I
fooled around with Joey's sister huh
well that's not the worst part
what is the worst part I can't remember
which sister you see what men do
don't tell me men are nice this is man
uh you know this buildings on my paper
routes hey helico oh well the woman I
interviewed with was pretty tough but
you know thank God mark coached me
because once I started talking about the
fall line she got all happy wouldn't
shut up yeah so proud of you
listen I'm uh I'm sorry I've been so
crazy and jealous and it's just I like
you a lot so I know yeah Rachel yeah hey
Mark
hi um I just talked to Joanna and she
loves you you got it you got the job
Rachel Lee